all right today how we doing guys Peter
darling here we're just looking at
motivation by Kelly Rowland pretty hot
song here it's pretty basic
it's basically you're gonna play
you
it's cetera da yeah I mean that's what
we're looking at here so all right so
I'm just going it's
and that's pretty much it I mean that is
like the song a girl I turn that thing
into a rain forest raining on my head
called a brain storm and etc right so
Lil Wayne comes in and she you know and
she's singing like in the background
it's this is the whole background here
so if you want the courts to you know
basically yeah it goes from a D minor
chord so I have D F a and D down to the
E minor chord